## Getting and Cleaning Data - Course Project Repository

### Repository Contents
* UCI HAR Dataset : The data files used by the analysis script
* Codebook.md: A data dictionary describing the values in the output file
* Example Data Dictionary.pdf : For my own benefit
* README.md	: This page
* run_analysis.R : The R Script that performs the data cleaning	
* tidyData.txt: The output file generated by the analysis script

### Requirements (direct quote from instructions)
You should create one R script called run_analysis.R that does the following.

1. Merges the training and the test sets to create one data set.
2. Extracts only the measurements on the mean and standard deviation for each measurement.
3. Uses descriptive activity names to name the activities in the data set
4. Appropriately labels the data set with descriptive variable names.
5. From the data set in step 4, creates a second, independent tidy data set with the average of each variable for each activity and each subject.


### How the run_analysis script works
1. Reads in the "UCI HAR Dataset/features.txt" file to get the column headers.
2. Reads the training dataset here: UCI HAR Dataset/train/X_train.txt
3. Reads the training labels and adds them as a column from: UCI HAR Dataset/train/y_train.txt
4. Reads the subject identifiers and adds them as a column from: UCI HAR Dataset/train/subject_train.txt
5. Repeast above 3 steps to read in test data
6. Uses rbind to combine the training and test data.
7. Extracts the rows whose features deal with mean and standard deviation into a new data frame.
8. Change numeric activity labels to character descriptions of the activity.
9. Group the data first by subject ID, then by activity label.
10. Compute the mean of all features for the groups (using aggregate())
11. Write the tidy data set to disk using write.table.

Along the way, I rm() variables that will no longer be used to save on memory.